tools/core_ml/README.md, before:

# Convert MXNet models into Apple CoreML format.

This tool helps convert MXNet models into [Apple CoreML](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml) format which can then be run on Apple devices.

## Installation
In order to use this tool you need to have these installed:
* mxnet 0.10.0. [Installation instructions](http://mxnet.io/get_started/install.html).
* python 2.7
* coremltools 0.4.0 (pip install coremltools)
* yaml (pip install pyyaml)

## How to use
Let's say you want to use your MXNet model in an iPhone App. For the purpose of this example, let's say you want to use squeezenet-v1.1.

1. Download the model into the directory where this converter resides. Squeezenet can be downloaded from [here](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/squeezenet/).
2. Run this command:
```bash
python mxnet_coreml_converter.py --model-prefix='squeezenet_v1.1' --epoch=0 --input-shape='{"data":"3,224,224"}' --output-file="squeezenet_v11.mlmodel"
```
The above command will save the converted model into squeezenet-v11.mlmodel in CoreML format.

3. This generated ".mlmodel" file can directly be integrated into your app. For more instructions on how to do this, please see [Apple CoreML's tutorial](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml/integrating_a_core_ml_model_into_your_app).


### Providing class labels
You could also provide the file containing class labels (aka synset file) so that CoreML will return the predicted category the image belongs to.

```bash
python mxnet_coreml_converter.py --model-prefix='squeezenet_v1.1' --epoch=0 --input-shape='{"data":"3,224,224"}' --class-labels synset.txt --output-file="squeezenet_v11.mlmodel"
```


### Adding a pre-processing to CoreML model.
You could ask CoreML to pre-process the images before passing them through the model.

```bash
python mxnet_coreml_converter.py --model-prefix='squeezenet_v1.1' --epoch=0 --input-shape='{"data":"3,224,224"}' --pre-processing-arguments='{"red_bias":127,"blue_bias":117,"green_bias":103}' --output-file="squeezenet_v11.mlmodel"
```


## Currently supported
### Models
This is a (growing) list of standard MXNet models that can be successfully converted using the converter. This means that any other model that uses the similar operators as these models can also be successfully converted.
1. [Inception-BN](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/inception-bn/) (use force=True).
2. [Inception-V3](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/inception-v3.tar.gz) (use force=True).
3. [Squeezenet](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/squeezenet/).
4. [Resnet](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/resnet/) (use force=True).
5. [Vgg](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/vgg/).

### Layers
1. Activation.
2. Batchnorm.
3. Concat.
4. Convolution.
5. Deconvolution.
6. Dense.
7. Elementwise.
8. Flatten.
9. Pooling.
10. Reshape.
11. Softmax.
12. Transpose.

## Known issues
These are list of known issues:
1. Converting a deconvolution layer which has padding results in incorrect CoreML predictions.

## This tool has been tested on environment with:
* MacOS - High Sierra 10.13 Beta.
* Xcode 9 beta 2.

Commit message:

Deconv w/ padding; pooling w/ pooling_convention.
Earlier deconv w/ padding was giving incorrect predictions. We added crop layer which fixed the issues.
As for the pooling_convention, the current coremltools doesn't provide the support so we added our own custom implementation (w/ help from Apple) to overcome the issue.

tools/core_ml/README.md, after:

# Convert MXNet models into Apple CoreML format.

This tool helps convert MXNet models into [Apple CoreML](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml) format which can then be run on Apple devices.

## Installation
In order to use this tool you need to have these installed:
* mxnet 0.10.0 or greater. [Installation instructions](http://mxnet.io/get_started/install.html).
* python 2.7
* coremltools 0.4.0 (pip install coremltools)
* yaml (pip install pyyaml)

## How to use
Let's say you want to use your MXNet model in an iPhone App. For the purpose of this example, let's say you want to use squeezenet-v1.1.

1. Download the model into the directory where this converter resides. Squeezenet can be downloaded from [here](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/squeezenet/).
2. Run this command:
```bash
python mxnet_coreml_converter.py --model-prefix='squeezenet_v1.1' --epoch=0 --input-shape='{"data":"3,224,224"}' --output-file="squeezenet_v11.mlmodel"
```
The above command will save the converted model into squeezenet-v11.mlmodel in CoreML format.

3. This generated ".mlmodel" file can directly be integrated into your app. For more instructions on how to do this, please see [Apple CoreML's tutorial](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml/integrating_a_core_ml_model_into_your_app).


### Providing class labels
You could also provide the file containing class labels (aka synset file) so that CoreML will return the predicted category the image belongs to.

```bash
python mxnet_coreml_converter.py --model-prefix='squeezenet_v1.1' --epoch=0 --input-shape='{"data":"3,224,224"}' --class-labels synset.txt --output-file="squeezenet_v11.mlmodel"
```


### Adding a pre-processing to CoreML model.
You could ask CoreML to pre-process the images before passing them through the model.

```bash
python mxnet_coreml_converter.py --model-prefix='squeezenet_v1.1' --epoch=0 --input-shape='{"data":"3,224,224"}' --pre-processing-arguments='{"red_bias":127,"blue_bias":117,"green_bias":103}' --output-file="squeezenet_v11.mlmodel"
```


## Currently supported
### Models
This is a (growing) list of standard MXNet models that can be successfully converted using the converter. This means that any other model that uses similar operators as these models can also be successfully converted.
1. Inception: [Inception-BN](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/inception-bn/), [Inception-V3](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/inception-v3.tar.gz)
2. [NiN](http://data.dmlc.ml/models/imagenet/nin/)
2. [Resnet](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/resnet/)
3. [Squeezenet](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/squeezenet/)
4. [Vgg](http://data.mxnet.io/models/imagenet/vgg/)

### Layers
1. Activation.
2. Batchnorm.
3. Concat.
4. Convolution.
5. Deconvolution.
6. Dense.
7. Elementwise.
8. Flatten.
9. Pooling.
10. Reshape.
11. Softmax.
12. Transpose.

## Known issues
Currently there are no known issues.

## This tool has been tested on environment with:
* MacOS - High Sierra 10.13 Beta.
* Xcode 9 beta 2.
